Currently wxMacMolPlt includes build files and has been tested on Mac OS X,
Linux and Windows. Since most people building from source will be running
Linux this file focuses on the build instructions for Linux. To build from
source on any OS you must have a C++ compiler such as g++ and an install
of wxWidgets with OpenGL support enabled. wxWidgets 2.6 through 3.x 
have worked in the past, but only 2.8 and later are currently tested and
wxWidgets 2.6.x is likely to no longer build.
Before building wxWidgets from source please check for prebuilt packages for
your OS as those should be preferred to avoid installation issues. Either
2.8.x or 3.x packages should be fine, but if you have a choice prefer the
newer 3.x packages.

If your distribution does not offer a prebuilt wxWidgets package you will need
to grab the latest source copy from www.wxwidgets.org and install it. You 
should be able to do this using the following (opengl is required, unicode is
optional in 2.8, but should be used if you use non ascii chars in your file system):
   ./configure --with-gtk --with-opengl --enable-unicode
   make
   make install

On 3.x versions of wx those flags are likely the default, but don't hurt.

Optional: MacMolPlt includes the ability to use the Ming library to export
animations to Flash movies. The configure script checks for the presence of
libming and enables it if present. Thus if you wish to have the Flash movie
support you must first install libming either from a vendor supplied binary
package (along with the associated dev package) or by building ming from
source yourself. The ming source can be obtained from: www.libming.net

To install MacMolPlt run:
  ./configure
  make
  make install
If you have installed wxWidgets in a non-standard location you can add
--with-wx-config=/path/to/wx
to the ./configure step. The make install step is important as it installs two
required resource files in addition to the binary. Once installed you should
be able to run MacMolPlt by typing "wxmacmolplt".

If you get an error during the MacMolPlt configure step saying that your wx
build lacks OpenGL support the problem may be that you need the location of
the wxWidgets shared libraries in your ld path. First as root try running:
  ldconfig
Then retry the configure step. If that still doesn't work check that the file
/etc/ld.so.conf contains the path to the directory containing your wxWidgets
libraries. Then rerun ldconfig. You can also add the library path to your
LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable. Alternatively you can build static 
wxWidgets libraries by adding "--disable-shared" to the wxWidgets configure 
step.

The project files for Visual Studio and XCode are not included in the source
distribution tar file, but are in the repository. They would require some
modification for a different user.
